Add main readme and .gitignore (#4)
nestauk/asf_exploration: README.md

> # Explorations for A Sustainable Future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Explorations for A Sustainable Future (ASF)
```

> **A place for exploratory and micro data science projects for Nesta's Sustainable Future Mission**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A place for exploratory and micro data science projects for Nesta's ASF Mission**
```

> This repository is for work that is very small and self-contained, is not part of a specific Sustainable Future project or is exploratory in nature. Examples of what might be included are exploring the potential for a new dataset, testing out a modelling approach or handling an ad-hoc request for data analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is for work that is very small and self-contained, is not part of a specific ASF project or is exploratory in nature. Examples of what might be included are exploring the potential for a new dataset, testing out a modelling approach or handling an ad-hoc request for data analysis.
```

Each exploration is in its own sub-directory, which can be navigated using the Directory below. Contributing guidelines are below.

## 📖 Directory

**< Project name (with link to sub-directory) >**
< Short description of project and links to any key resources >

## 🎮 User guidelines

1. Use the directory above to find the exploration that you are looking for.

> 2. Create an environment for that exploration. This will probably involve running `conda create -n <exploration>_<name> python=3` and installing some requirements, but check each exploration for its installation instructions.

Reviewer: It might be too obvious but maybe we could add a middle step saying something about cloning the repo.

## 📝  Contributor guidelines

To add a new exploration to this repository:

1. Determine whether this is the right place for the work. As a rule of thumb it should be:

>   a. Executed with a fairly small codebase (e.g. 1 notebook and a utils module).

Reviewer: So each exploration folder with the repo should not follow the cookiecutter structure? Where should outputs be stored (such as figures)? Should the utils .py file have data getters together will other necessary functions?

Author: > So each exploration folder with the repo should not follow the cookiecutter structure? 

This won't be a requirement, but there's no reason why someone couldn't deploy the cookiecutter structure in subdir. I don't really want to encourage it though as I think that once you're in the territory of having multiple modules, and various pipeline producing many outputs, you have probably outgrown this repo.

> Where should outputs be stored (such as figures)? 

I was going to leave this up to the developer, but on reflection, we could provide a very lightweigh template subdir containing a readme template, plus a minimal folder structure. What do you think?

> Should the utils .py file have data getters together will other necessary functions?

Yep. I don't see a problem with e.g. separating basic utils and exploration-specific functions into two separate modules. What I think would be better is if we start to add commonly used functions to a separate `ds-utils` repo that can be pip installed. There are several candidates for this already, such as reading files from S3, downloading files from the web, basic text processing etc.

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of the template subdirectory, would love to get started on `ds_utils` too

Reviewer: Sounds good!

7. Create a pull request into `dev`.

When writing your exploration, the following requirements must be met.

**👍 Development standards**
- Adhere to the [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html).
- All requirements to run exploratory projects should be independent and defined within the sub-directory (e.g. in a `requirements.txt` or `environment.yml`). A user should be able to create an environment from scratch to run the code.
- The code must run from start to finish without error.
- Modularised and refactored code is preferred over notebooks. If using notebooks, use `jupytext`.
- There should be no imports from other explorations.
- Each exploration should contain its own `README.md` that gives a comprehensive description of the work.

**🔀 Workflow**
- Make pull requests and request code reviews.
- Use the [Nesta Git/GitHub guidelines](https://github.com/nestauk/github_support/blob/dev/guidelines/README.md). If your code is simple and short, then you may work in one branch and merge into `dev` with one PR. If there are a few development steps then consider breaking the code down into smaller issues, branches and PRs.

**💾 Data**

> - It is preferable that data are stored on S3.

Reviewer: Maybe refer that there should be a bucket inside the `asf_exploration` bucket for each exploration?

Author: I'm not sure about this. We already have a proliferation of buckets because every new cookiecutter project spawns one. We were already talking about changing this to only create buckets if the developer specifically requires one. A better approach is probably to have either: 
- completely overhaul our S3 usage pattern to create buckets for specific datasets/sources instead
- for exploration repos specifically, a single bucket with data stored in sub-directories according to the exploration (the issue with this is when you have multiple explorations using the same data, you end up creating many copies of the data)

any thoughts @Jack-Vines ?

Reviewer 2: The first option is better IMO; as it would be great (concise) if DAP had essentially 4 data buckets;
1. ASF
2. AFS
3. AHL
4. Mission agnostic

(Maybe each mission would also need a bucket for very private data too)

This would definitely be a shift from the current cookiecutter ethos of a one-to-one relationship between repo==bucket==dev environment, but would conceptually make things like getters much easier to administer.

The second option is far easier to implement right now though, and I guess would only add 3 buckets for now (which would take us to a nice, round 150)

Reviewer: Didn't phrase it very well, but I was actually proposing the second option (1 bucket for asf_exploration with sub-directories inside). I am happy to go with whatever you both find best, but would find useful if there was some information about this decision in the readme file.
